                            Lockergnome See You at Gnomedex 2002!

  07.12.2002 GnomeREPORT                                                  LOOK OVER HERE


Content Management Is Key: Need a reason your boss should be sending you   Download Our Tip
to Gnomedex? Some of the leading experts on content management solutions  Files
(those things we affectionately call blogs) will be sharing the future
of blogging and how you can adapt it to both the way you do business and   Latest Windows
the way you communicate in general. Join Evan Williams and Doc Searls as  Daily
they share pearls of wisdom on blogging, Linux and other open source       Latest Digital
applications that are changing our lives. If that's not enough            Media
incentive, remind the boss that THE Internet security guru, Steve          Latest Tech
Gibson, will be sharing his wisdom as well. Register for Gnomedex today!  Specialist
                                                                           Latest Penguin
My mom just notified me of my aunt Theresa's death. She was my father's   Shell
older sister, though I only knew her through a few e-mail exchanges and    Latest Apple Core
a couple of brief encounters as a child. This news came hours after I      Latest Web Weekly
received ANOTHER bit of disturbing news: "Please tell Chris that one of    Latest Bits & Bytes
his first fans died last weekend of a heart attack at home." I first met   Latest Audio Show
Jon Snyder at an Apple user's group meeting a couple of years ago; to
me, he always looked like a beefier Robert Beltran. Death is something     Low Price Search
we all must deal with, but you never seem to be prepared for it when       $99 Tech Conference
someone actually dies. A few months ago, Aunt Theresa sent word that she
had seen my show. It was good to know that even though we hadn't           See You in August!
interacted much over the past few years, she was still able to see me on
TV. And even though you didn't know him, you're closer to Jon than you     The GnomeSTORE
realize. Witness this message he sent to his boss a few months ago:        Tell a Friend About
                                                                          Us!
"I evangelized for months last year for having our company at the first    Suggest a Feature
of these consumer computer conferences in Des Moines last October, but     Advertise With Us
got shot down. The conference was a hit despite being postponed by 9/11,   High-Tech Job
and having to move the venue at the last minute. I know... I was there.   Search
So, I'm starting all over again being 'pushy' about our presence at this   Chat With Gnomies
event in August of this year. Chris Pirillo, whose Des Moines-based        Watch The Webcams
commercial email publishing group 'Lockergnome' puts this conference       Computer Power User
together, is a friend of mine. He was the 'kid' hired by TechTV to host
their Call for Help daily TV program in SF starting last fall. If you      Read Past Issues
get the Dish network or Mediacom cable you can catch his show. I have my   Download X-Setup
DishPlayer set up to record his show on a daily basis. It's VERY well      About Lockergnome
done, as is TechTV as a whole."                                            Our Privacy Policy
                                                                           View More Options
I returned from speaking to another user group the other night and found   Our XML / RSS Feed
that approximately 100 new GnomeTomes had been ordered. Sweet! When I      Syndicate Our Tips
started looking closer at the numbers, I realized that Jake was offering   Link To Lockergnome
his Converting Vinyl LPs to CD eBook for free - and that's all anybody     Get Chris's Book
was taking. No, seriously - five hundred orders later, and 99% of them
were just for that particular title. Now, while I don't have a problem     General Feedback
with Jake's offer, I do want to encourage you to check out the non-free    E-mail the Editor
titles (and if you've already looked, please look again). A lot of         The Editor's Blog
blood, sweat, and tears went into them - and they're just as helpful. In
fact, Jake's also written one for OS X (which probably wouldn't impress    
you if you weren't using an Apple machine). Although, I'm sure plenty of
you use Dreamweaver. Which reminds me: Jake's also now authoring our      MP3 SOFTWARE
Webmaster Weekly newsletter. So, if you haven't read that in a while,
I'd encourage you to give it another glance. After all, as Elwood
Edwards so finely said: You've Got Lockergnome! Thanks to David Lawrence  Havas MP3 Pro
for making that MP3 a reality. El can make one with your name, too. And   Magix MP3 Maker
yes, that's the AOL guy.                                                  Ejay MP3
                                                                          Audiostation 5.0
                                        See You in August,                Jack The MP3 Ripper
                                                    Chris Pirillo         Pearson MP3 Maker
                                                                          Steinberg My MP3
                                                                          MusicMatch Jukebox
 GnomeDOWNLOADS                                                           7.0
                                                                          Hip Hop E-jay Record
                                                                          MP3-Wolf
VLINK v0.6.8.0 [257k] W9x FREE                                            MP3 Maker Gold
                                                                          The MP3 Wizard
http://www.vxtech.org/
                                                                           
{Desktop link manager} Nothing gets you there faster than a link. I
mean, imagine if while you're surfing, you had to stop and type in a URL  GNOMESPECIALS
every time you wanted to move to a new page. Simply unacceptable. So why
not have that convenience when working with other files? This
application gives you the option of opening or running any file or         Manage Your
program you desire via links. You can also shut down your computer or     Workgroup
disable your screensaver through this program. "No installer is required   Form Pilot
for VLink - it will not change any of your registry settings or other      Say the Time 5.0
Windows settings; simply extract the files PowerLink.dll and VLink.exe     Boomer - Stream Now
to a directory and run it."                                                Create Web/CD
                                                                          catalog
                                                                           Easy Web Editor
GhiaTracker v1.5 [370k] W9x/2k/XP FREE                                     Kleptomania
                                                                           Tag&Rename
http://homepage.mac.com/karmannghia/ghiatracker/                           Pretty Good
                                                                          Solitaire
{Learn about your Ghia} Gearheads, motorheads, call them whatever you      Visualize Color
will, but I've never been part of their ranks. Not that I don't like      Combos
cars, mind you; I find them much more useful than pogo sticks. If you      FirstStop WebSearch
happen to own a little vehicle known as the Karmann Ghia, you should       Ecobuilder
drive on over and download this program. Click on any year between 1956    Book Collector
(the year it went into production) and 1974 to get a brief synopsis of
the car and its changes for that year. You can also get other               Get Listed Here
specifications such as torque, horsepower, compression, etc. Even if
you're not "into" cars, check this out. This program was created for use  Question: which
on the Mac, but a Windows version is also available.                      group is 250,000+
                                                                          strong and always
                                                           Recommend It!  looking for stuff to
                                                                          make their personal
                                                                          and professional
 GnomeCLICKS                                                              lives run smoother?

                                                                           
 TECHNOLOGY   The easiest  Handy  Secure  Shortcut   IPCheck  Share your
   can be     way to Zip/  Backup  your      to      Server     team/     HAPPY FUN STUFF
frustrating    UnZip. An          E-Mail! RDesk.exe  Monitor   project
for new and  AWARD-WINNING                          monitors  contacts,
intermediate     file                               a network calendars,  And now, we see the
  computer    compression                             using     tasks,    story of the ugly
users, UNTIL    utility                              various  etc. in MS  shoe unfold before
NOW. Join us   featuring                            protocols   Oulook    our very eyes. This
 for a FREE  quick backup,                            (e.g.     2002,     footwear was outcast
  Windows        batch                                ping,   without a   from the group weeks
Newsletter,   processing,                             http,    server!    ago, and has been
   video        Windows                               smtp,               very depressed ever
 tutorials,   integration                           ftp) and              since. Pity my shoe.
 articles,   and SUPPORTS                           notifies
  special     15 archive                            the staff             The Lone Shoe
reports, and formats (ACE,                             in
   more!      RAR, etc).                             various               
                                                     ways as
                                                     soon as              Lockergnome Webcam
                                                    an outage             Image
                                                     occurs.               CLICK HERE TO ZOOM

                                                                           
 GnomeSYSTEM
                                                                          BYTE ME NOW

WebTV Viewer v2.6 [6.8M] W9x FREE
                                                                          ?2002, Lockergnome
http://developer.msntv.com/tools/viewer/                                  LLC. ISSN:
                                                                          1095-3965. All
"Preview your sites on WebTV without leaving your PC! The WebTV Viewer    Rights Reserved.
simulates WebTV on your system. Read the online Viewer Installation       Please read our
Guide to find out more on how to use this software. Important: the PC     Terms of Service.
version of the WebTV Viewer (2.6) reflects all of the features of the     Our Web site is
most recent upgrade from Spring 2001. Note: The Viewer is similar, but    hosted by
not identical, to a real WebTV system. The WebTV Viewer program is        DigitalDaze. Domain
currently beta-level software on both Windows and Macintosh. This means   registered at DNS
that it has not been completely tested and debugged. The WebTV Viewer is  Central. I'd feel
like a WebTV browser because: it changes page layout by compressing page  better about doctors
width and enlarging text; and it supports HTML, JavaScript, as well as    if it wasn't called
other Internet standards in the same way. The WebTV Viewer is not like a  a 'Practice.'
WebTV browser because: your computer monitor has a higher resolution
than a television screen, and displays color better; and the Viewer does
not support email or audio, while the WebTV browser does."

                                                           Recommend It!


 GnomeWILDCARD


  Full PDF Books

Poor Richard's Web
Internet Promotions
E-Mail Publishing
Web Site Makeover
Websites Made Easy
Online Communities
Home Networking
Internet Recruiting
Online Branding

The Evidence is Against You
Scribbled by Jim Girard

Every time some new technology has expanded free access to popular
music, starting with radio broadcasts of recorded songs in the 1930s,
the recording industry has fought it - claiming that it would cost them
money. And every time, it has resulted in increased sales. The
best-known example, of course, was the advances in tape cassette
technology in the 60s and 70s, including Dolby sound technology. As with
MP3, this technology was opposed by the music industry as different from
previous such developments, because it made it possible for ordinary
people to create their own copies at near-professional quality. The
actual result was the creation of a whole new profit center for the
music industry - pre-recorded cassette tapes - which actually became
more popular than vinyl for a while (before the advent of CD
technology).

The thing is, the music industry is well aware of this effect - and they
are not really aiming to stop the private exchange of songs in MP3
format. If that were their goal, they'd be instituting widespread,
aggressive legal actions against all the server-centered nodes (as they
did against all radio stations playing their music in the 30s, when they
really thought the phenomenon was going to wipe them out). Instead, they
have focused on the best-known services - first Napster, then Morpheus,
KaZaA, and most recently, Audiogalaxy. Even in those cases, they've
limited their legal challenges to things they know they can win - and
they've avoided actual court trials whenever possible (to avoid the
possibility of setting some damaging precedent).

The point that seems to escape a lot of people is that copyright is not
a property in the same sense as most of the things we think of as
property. One key difference is that if you don't defend it, you lose
it. If you left your car sitting in the driveway, with the window open
and the keys in the ignition, and somebody drove away in it, that would
still be theft - and you'd still be entitled to get your car back. Not
so with copyright. If you are aware of infringement and you do nothing
to try to stop it, you are voluntarily allowing it to enter the public
domain. It's for the same reason that big companies insist that
newspapers put a copyright or trademark symbol after the names of their
products whenever they're mentioned, and not use words like "Coke" or
"Kleenex" as generic terms. They don't really expect everybody to do
what they say - and they're well aware that having the name of one's
product become the generic term for a product is actually a great
marketing boon. But if they DON'T do that, someone at some point could
start using the word on their own product, arguing that it is in the
public domain.

The efforts of the music industry are not aimed at actually stopping the
exchange of music between individuals - which they know from long
experience, increases their sales because most of the people who
normally buy the music aren't really satisfied with near-perfect copies.
For most of them, the learning curve and the cost in time of creating
those copies themselves outweighs the cost of simply buying the CD. Most
of the outright piracy is committed by people who wouldn't have bought
the music in the first place. What the music industry is doing is
clearly aimed at establishing a public record of their efforts to defend
copyright, in the broadest, most public way; to prevent anyone from
making a legal claim that the stuff they own has entered the public
domain. The thing they're really worried about, in terms of profits, is
the change in the marketing model. Even legitimate online music commerce
threatens the album format, with its traditional mix of a few good songs
and a bunch of others most people wouldn't pay for if they were buying
the stuff song by song. The problem is how to make as much money on a
per-song basis - and, at the moment, it requires charging far more for
an individual song that most people are willing to pay.

At any rate, copyright is actually a fairly complex matter of civil law,
with a good deal of history behind it - dating back to the Renaissance.
The strategies music companies use are clearly directed to realities and
necessities, in light of history and case law. They have also done a
great PR job, convincing the most technically knowledgeable people on
the Internet that it is a simple moral or criminal issue. "Common sense"
tells a lot of people that copying music without paying for it is just
like stealing someone's car, and represents a loss to the owner. But if
common sense could decide the issue equitably, we wouldn't have the law
in the first place. Most of our great intellectual systems, including
not only law but science, are designed in large part to overcome the
errors of common sense, and that is more the case in civil law than
criminal. The people who work within those systems are well aware of
that, but they are also well aware that most people aren't - and that it
can work to their advantage. Any time a highly paid civil attorney
begins by telling you that an issue vital to his client is actually very
simple, or just a matter of common sense, there's a very high
probability that what he means is that it's to his clients advantage if
people like you believe that. If it really WERE that simple, the client
wouldn't be paying him as much as he is.

                                    Submit Your Thoughts | Recommend It!

A BOOK FOR EVERY GEEK: Want to know more about networking? Have you ever
wanted to write an e-book? Maybe you need to polish your Web design
skills? Get full-length books from the Poor Richard's series, including
Poor Richard's E-mail Publishing, by Chris Pirillo, at GnomeTomes.com,
for 50% off the suggested retail price of the print versions. Click here
to learn more.


 GnomeFAVORITE


My Virtual Model

http://www.myvirtualmodel.com/

{Make a model of you} Wouldn't it be cool if you could physically walk
into cyberspace? Well, you can't... so stop thinking about it. However,
you can design a virtual model of yourself on this site. Choose your
features like body shape, eyes, nose, lips, facial hair, height, and
weight. The amazing thing is how closely your model resembles you. My
only complaint is that you can't add glasses. How in the heck is my
digital doppelganger supposed to see? Once you're finished, the site can
even offer style advice for your body type. (I'll stick with plaid,
thank you very much.)

                                                           Recommend It!


 GnomeTIP


   Our Tip eBooks

Microsoft Office Tips
PC Productivity Tips
Cool Internet Tips
Windows 2000 Tips
Windows XP Tips
Top 50 Fun Sites
Must-Know Terms
Top 50 Useful Sites
Top 75 Tech Sites

Who has no trouble with controling his codes? Lockergnomie Wayne Smith:
"Here is a bit of information specifically for Hotmail users who may
have trouble opening your links, due to the service wanting to place the
referred URL in a separate frame. I receive my Lockergnome newsletters
via Hotmail and find it really useful when you folks include the link as
text. However, sometimes this isn't practical - or it stops the flow of
the article. The trouble here is that the link sometimes returns the
message: 'There was an error displaying this link' in the frame. No
problem! Right-click, copy shortcut, paste to metapad (freeware from
LIQUIDNINJA.COM), then do a global search and replace. The trick is to
replace the control codes with the correct characters: %26 is an
ampersand; %3a is a colon; %2e is a period; %20 is a blank space; %2f is
a forward slash; %3d is an equals symbol; %3f is a question mark. The
Windows character map can help with any others. Select a character, look
at the status bar, replace 'U+[code]' with the percent sign. In other
words, the ampersand (U+0026) is %26 which translastes into a '&'
symbol. Maybe a more clever Gnomie can come up with some script which we
can place in the 'Web' folder, correctly register, and use in IE's
right-click / context menu?"

                                                           Recommend It!


http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/daily/20020712.html

Your subscribed e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@example.com] - To
unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please visit the
subscription management page. For further information, please refer to
the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.


