                           Lockergnome Linux Central

  07.10.2002 PenguinREPORT                                 LOOK OVER HERE


CAREER SERVICES FROM LOCKERGNOME AND DICE.COM: We've        Download Tip eBooks
teamed up with Dice.com to bring you a full service I.T.
career enhancement solution. Whether you are looking for    Latest Windows
your dream job or trying to hire talented people, the      Daily
full-featured career resource center is the place to        Latest Digital
start. Find your IT talent solution today!                 Media
                                                            Latest Tech
I've just got a few quick thoughts today.                  Specialist
                                                            Latest Penguin
First, the search is underway for the hosting solution     Shell
mentioned in Monday's Penguin Shell. The response has       Latest Apple Core
been great, with more than two dozen offers of web space    Latest Web Weekly
for the Foundation for Children and Youth With Diabetes.    Latest Bits & Bytes
It gratifying to see our community rally around a great     Latest Audio Show
cause. Know that whether you answered the call or not,
you're in the electronic company of some caring and         Low Price Search
compassionate folks. I've not yet heard whether a           Our Tech Conference
solution has been found from among the many offered, but
I'll certainly keep you posted on the outcome.              Microsoft Office
                                                           Tips
Second, a few final clarifications on the 4th of July       PC Productivity
bruhaha. A reader brought to my attention that, though he  Tips
didn't believe it to be the case, offering my opinion on    Cool Internet Tips
the state of America could be seen as trolling. That        Windows 2000 Tips
certainly wasn't intended. Also, I've seen much email       Windows XP Tips
over the past week that started with, "Since you
published the opinion of someone outside the US, I'd        See You in August!
expect that you'll publish an opinion in disagreement."
Well, I did that already - it was my own opinion that       Tell a Friend About
started the discussion. I can clearly see the potential    Us!
for this to get out of hand. So, this will be the last      Advertise With Us
word on the subject. Thanks for your opinions and your      High-Tech Job
discussion, the vast majority of which was well-thought    Search
and reasonable. Both sides were presented and we're         Chat With Gnomies
moving on.                                                  Watch The Webcams
                                                            Computer Power User
On to some Lockergnome news. If you haven't already
heard, CleverMedia is sponsoring karaoke night at           Read Past Issues
Gnomedex. According to the woman with her finger on the     Download X-Setup
pulse of Gnomedex, Lori Lockwood, "There is definitely a    About Lockergnome
'surprise' in the works for the attendees ... " Hmmm.       Our Privacy Policy
Could it even compare to last year's Miss Gnomedex          View More Options
contest? I think it unlikely. In any regard, the folks at   Our XML / RSS Feed
CleverMedia are certainly more than capable of coming up    Syndicate Our Tips
with loads of fun -- it's what they do for a living!        Link To Lockergnome
Between Leo Laporte, Doc Searls, Steve Gibson, Mark         Get Chris's Book
Thompson, Evan Williams, and too many others to mention,    Win a Digital
you'd be silly to miss out.                                Camera

Onward. Have a great day.                                   General Feedback
                                                            Chris's Blog
                            Tony Steidler-Dennison          E-mail the Editor

                                                            
 GnomeTWEAK
                                                           GNOMESPECIALS

Lockergnome readers, SAVE 50% on the Computing
Encyclopedia! Are you looking for the ultimate computing    Manage Your
resource? Discover the Computing Encyclopedia from Smart   Workgroup
Computing. Regular price $59, SPECIAL OFFER for             Form Pilot
Lockergnome readers, get your set TODAY, ONLY $29.95!       Say the Time 5.0
                                                            Boomer - Stream Now
Windows Apps in Linux? - Part II                            Create Web/CD
                                                           catalog
I don't want to mince any words, here. CodeWeavers has      Easy Web Editor
really hit a sweet spot with their recently-released        Kleptomania
CrossOver Office product. This is, quite simply, the        Tag&Rename
fulfillment of the promise of the Wine Project. Using       Pretty Good
this slick little app, virtually all the applications in   Solitaire
the Microsoft Office suite are fully functional in Linux.   Visualize Color
Frankly, I never thought I'd see the day when running      Combos
Windows apps in Linux was exciting. Maybe it's time to      FirstStop WebSearch
take up shucking ice cubes in the blasted lands.            Ecobuilder
                                                            Book Collector
Let's break this product up a bit. If purchased as a
bundle, both CrossOver Office and CrossOver Plugin (as we    Get Listed Here
discussed yesterday) share an install script. They do,
however, require separate install processes, so they need  Question: which
to be launched individually from a shared window.          group is 250,000+
                                                           strong and always
I started the CrossOver Office install, dropped my Office  looking for stuff to
2000 disc in the CD drive, and fired up the install. It    make their personal
looked and performed exactly as you'd expect to see it in  and professional
Windows. I was able to customize the install, as I always  lives run smoother?
have, then let it run. At the end of the process,
CrossOver Office "fakes" a Windows reboot and the Office    
suite installation is complete.
                                                            
Even Internet Explorer 5.0 is installed. There's an
option in the CrossOver Office package to install IE 5.5   Lockergnome Webcam
but, to my chagrin, this was the one area of the install   Image
that failed. Actually, the install itself may have          CLICK HERE TO ZOOM
succeeded - I was just left without an IE browser
following the upgrade. It's hard to tell whether that was   
a fault in CrossOver Office, or in the IE program itself.
                                                           LOOK IT UP
For the most part, these apps perform in Linux as they do
in Windows. The IE install was a bit kludgy, with some
font problems and an inability to customize the toolbar.   [ Lockergnome  ][go]
Word worked perfectly, allowing me even to pull together   [ Amazon       ][go]
legal documents for a friend's business without so much    [ Jobs         ][go]
as a hiccup. Even printing works well with the             [ Hardware     ][go]
installation of a "Wine Postscript Printer" driver.        [ Software     ][go]

Let me reiterate something I said yesterday. I've watched   
the Wine Project walk, then crawl, then walk again over
the past few years. I've always suspected that the fits    BYTE ME NOW
and starts were not for lack of talent. With the
financial backing of CodeWeavers, it appears that my
suspicions were well founded. Wine has, through CrossOver  ?2002, Lockergnome
Office and CrossOver Plugin, matured to a level of         LLC. ISSN:
useability that should easily attract Linux users          1095-3965. All
throughout the spectrum of experience. In the big          Rights Reserved.
picture, widespread acceptance of these products could     Please read our
remove the last remaining roadblock for many current       Terms of Service.
Windows users to make the leap to Linux: the loss of Word  Our Web site is
and Excel. They simply don't need to fear those losses     hosted by
any more.                                                  DigitalDaze. Domain
                                                           registered at DNS
A note on the "for pay" structure of these products seems  Central.
in order. As you well know, I'm an open source guy
through and through. But, this is clearly a case in which
the "free" efforts of talented and dedicated developers
simply wasn't enough to close the gap. The value of these
products easily outweighs their minimal cost. And, if it
keeps these developers moving forward, it seems to be the
perfect pay model for Linux.

                                            Recommend It!
                                     Send us a GnomeTWEAK


 GnomeCORE


Kernel Configuration - Part X

Today we're looking into the mysteries of Plug and Play
support in your Linux kernel configuration.

There's really not much mystery to it. This section
simply asks the question, "Do you want plug and play
support in the kernel?" In other words, do you have all
the PCI and ISA devices in your system that you'll ever
need to have? If you're set solid with your current
machine, there's no use to add the overhead of PnP to
your system's kernel code, or as a loadable module. If,
on the other hand, you've got PCI or (on an older system)
ISA slots just begging to be filled, build this support
into the kernel or select it as modules.

See, this kernel gig isn't really so tough. In fairness,
we're hitting the high points without a heady discussion
of the hidden workings. The discussion of PnP alone could
comprise a full series in Penguin Shell. But, so far, the
configuration has been pretty straightforward.

Tomorrow, we will dive a bit deeper, with a discussion of
block device kernel configuration.

                                            Recommend It!
                                  Send us a GnomeCORE tip


 GnomeFILE


LiquidWar

 
http://www.ufoot.org/liquidwar/

"Liquid War is a truly original multiplayer wargame. You
control an army formed with thousands of pixels
(fighters) which look like liquid and try to eat your
opponent. You can play against a primitive NPC/AI or up
to 5 other human players. Network play is available."

                                            Recommend It!
                           Send us a GnomeFILE suggestion


 GnomeVOICE


Gnome 2 Installation Notes
Scribbled by Dale Hirt

"As always, am loving the newsletter. I've been getting
it since day one, and I love all the stuff that you have
put in it.

"Just a quick word about the Gnome2 installation. At
least so far in my installation wonders, I have noticed
that you need to install intltool (#15) before
scrollkeeper (#3), as it is required in order to build.

Thanks again for a great newsletter."

                                            Recommend It!
                                    Speak your GnomeVOICE


 GnomeCLICK


Linmodems.org

http://www.linmodems.org/

Linmodems.org is a full-featured site on modem hardware
and setup in Linux. This has always been a point of
friction with Linux users - finding that the machine
you've just coverted doesn't have a Linux-compatible
modem, or finding modem configuration to be too
difficult. Linmodems.org takes on both these issues with
skill and ease. The site includes discussion on hardware,
software and chipsets. It also links to sites to walk you
through the process of setting up a winmodem in Linux.
This is a great resource of your main connection to the
e-universe is via a dialup connection.

                                            Recommend It!
                                     Suggest a GnomeCLICK


http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/penguinshell/
07.10.2002.html

Your subscribed e-mail address is:
[qqqqqqqqqq-lg@example.com] - To unsubscribe or change
your delivery address, please visit the subscription
management page. Use of the Gnome moniker by Penguin
Shell does not imply endorsement of the Gnome Desktop
Environment. Penguin Shell is an equal-opportunity
desktop employer. For further information, please refer
to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.


