                        Lockergnome Download Our eBooks

  07.22.2002 GnomeREPORT                                   LOOK OVER HERE


50 TIPS TO MAKE WINDOWS MORE USEFUL Do you have to deal     Download Tip eBooks
with Windows on a daily basis? Might as well maximize
your time with it. You'll find that some of these tips      Latest Windows
will apply to other operating systems, too. The world of   Daily
computing isn't so mysterious once you understand how it    Latest Digital
works. With this GnomeTome, you'll begin to work faster -  Media
and smarter. Download Windows Productivity Tips now!        Latest Tech
                                                           Specialist
I did a lot this weekend, but I didn't really get much      Latest Penguin
done, ya know? My knees are killing me from hauling stuff  Shell
out of the basement for storage up in the attic, but the    Latest Apple Core
pile only made it as far as the kitchen. Then I stripped    Latest Web Weekly
and painted the floor where that collection of stuff was    Latest Bits & Bytes
previously stored, and erected some shelving so I'd have    Latest Audio Show
room for more stuff. I woke up the next morning discover
a very sick ferret, likely from the fumes that leeched      Low Price Search
into the next room over despite the ventilation I had       Our Tech Conference
setup to prevent the migration of bad air. So, I ended up
dismantling the ferret cage to move it upstairs for a       Microsoft Office
week or so until I'm sure it's safe. Thankfully, all       Tips
critters are doing well now.                                PC Productivity
                                                           Tips
I also started in on replacing the cheapo rusted screws     Cool Internet Tips
with stainless steel deck screws out back, but found that   Windows 2000 Tips
the ones I picked up are too weak, leaving me with          Windows XP Tips
stripped out heads and bent shafts. That project stopped
after barely getting started. The front steps are also in   Tell a Friend About
need of rust- proof screws, but they are made from much    Us!
softer wood, so I moved the tools to the other side of      Suggest a Feature
the house. Two-thirds of the way through the first row, I   Advertise With Us
found that the extra 1/2" on the screws I purchased was     High-Tech Job
too much and I began running into the top of the old       Search
concrete steps underneath. Figures. Live and learn.         Chat With Gnomies
                                                            Watch The Webcams
Oh well, it was entirely too hot to work outside anyway.    Computer Power User
Back down to the basement I went to geek out instead.
Roughly an hour into geekitude, I glanced over and          Read Past Issues
realized it was 78.7 degrees in the basement and I was      Download X-Setup
virtually stuck to my chair from the sweat. I shut off as   About Lockergnome
much as I really could and still work on a couple of        Our Privacy Policy
projects, but it didn't help the heat situation much. It    View More Options
was just too hot outside for the air conditioner to keep    Our XML / RSS Feed
up with the added heat from the computers. That left me     Syndicate Our Tips
in need of a shower and with only the notebook in the       Link To Lockergnome
living room for the balance of the weekend. I cleaned out   Get Chris's Book
a lot of ancient email, which was nice, but nothing
really got accomplished otherwise. Boy, am I tired. And     E-mail a Suggestion
the weekend is so far away.                                 Your Rant / Rave
                                                            General Feedback
Hey, the second season of M*A*S*H comes out on DVD          The Editor's Blog
tomorrow! That should put me in better spirits. I could     E-mail the Editor
watch M*A*S*H for hours on end. In fact, I often do just
that. The only kink is that the episodes don't play         
back-to-back from DVD. I'm going to play with AppleScript
on the Mac to see if I can customize how the individual    SOUND SYSTEMS
discs play. In theory, I should be able to make a disc
play all the way through. If I succeed, I'll be sure to
share the script technique in the AppleCore newsletter.    Yamaha RX-V1200
Too bad I can't do that with a stand-alone DVD player.     Sony DAVC900
                                                           Harman Kardon AVR520
                         See You in August,                Denon AVR5803
                                     Randy Nieland         Pioneer VSXD811S
                                                           Pioneer Elite
                                                           VSX49TX
 GnomeNETWORK                                              Sony HTDDW840
                                                           Yamaha HTR5560
                                                           BOSE LS122BK
Slow File Save Dialog Boxes                                Sony DAVC450
Pointed out by Ian Hargreaves
                                                            
http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;
q321126                                                    GNOMESPECIALS

I've hated this one for a long time, and now we have a
hotfix and a workaround, so take your pick as to which      Manage Your
will work best. I often map drive letters to specific      Workgroup
network shares, and if I happen to have a system turned     Form Pilot
off, I'll notice a significant delay when clicking the      Say the Time 5.0
drop-down boxes in Open, Look In or Save In/As dialog       Boomer - Stream Now
boxes. Windows 2000 attempts to reconnect to mapped         Create Web/CD
resources before showing you the list, and depending on    catalog
how many drives you have mapped and how many of those       Easy Web Editor
resources are unavailable, it can take eons just to save    Kleptomania
a file. A workaround is to use the My Network Places        Tag&Rename
functionality instead of mapping drive letters. Fine for    Pretty Good
some, but I prefer having drive letters mapped for many    Solitaire
things, being that I work at a command prompt quite a       Visualize Color
bit, and it's easier to navigate that way. Alternatively,  Combos
a hotfix is now available, but you'll have to contact       FirstStop WebSearch
Microsoft to obtain the fix if that's the route you         Ecobuilder
choose.                                                     Book Collector

                                                             Get Listed Here
 GnomeSYSTEM
                                                           Question: which
                                                           group is 250,000+
Customized 9x/ME Blue Screen Errors                        strong and always
                                                           looking for stuff to
http://www.vsres.com/blscrn/                               make their personal
                                                           and professional
We've all seen 'em. Those annoyingly incoherent blue       lives run smoother?
screens indicating a system error of some sort, but
provide no real help in solving the problem. If you're a    
programmer that has had to deal with error conditions
produced by Windows 95/98/ME, then this might be a better  Lockergnome Webcam
way to handle them within your applications. Blue Screen   Image
v1.21 is an ActiveX control that uses the standard          CLICK HERE TO ZOOM
Windows system error functions, but provides a way to
pass along text and response options you designate. Note    
that this is not functional on Windows NT/2000/XP, which
handle system errors in an entirely different manner.      LOOK IT UP


Gamers Beware of Intel 845G Chipset                        [ Lockergnome  ][go]
                                                           [ Amazon       ][go]
http://www.theinquirer.net/?article=4532                   [ Jobs         ][go]
http://www.theinquirer.net/?article=4513                   [ Hardware     ][go]
                                                           [ Software     ][go]
Discount the AMD hype and returned volley from Intel when
reading up on all of this, but one thing is painfully       
clear. The Intel 845G chipset and P4 Celeron processors
really don't provide an acceptable gaming experience. Not  BYTE ME NOW
only is performance subject to ridicule, but
compatibility is also looking to be a serious matter.
Intel has never claimed that Celerons were high-end        ?2002, Lockergnome
desktop processors, but they have typically provided a     LLC. ISSN:
decent enough experience that they can make for            1095-3965. All
acceptable machines for the more budget-minded consumer.   Rights Reserved.
The compatibility issues with this particular version of   Please read our
Celeron and the 845G chipset are something to watch out    Terms of Service.
for. Once the Celeron is moved to the .13 micron core, I   Our Web site is
suspect the performance concern won't remain, but the      hosted by
845G alone seems to have it's own problems without adding  DigitalDaze. Domain
the Celeron misery. The lesson in knowing what hardware    registered at DNS
you're buying is what's important here.                    Central.


 GnomeALERTZ


Today's Top 5 kbAlertz

  * Q296133 - WD2002: Recorded Macro to Create
    Right-to-Left Style Records Paragraph Alignment
    Incorrectly (Q296133)
  * Q292152 - WD2002: Macro to Modify Currently Selected
    Text Does Not Work Correctly (Q292152)
  * Q292150 - WD2002: Undo Command Does Not Remove List
    Style Link to Paragraph Style (Q292150)
  * Q292094 - WD2002: Error Message: Microsoft Mail Local
    Fax Is Not Installed on Your System (Q292094)
  * Q292078 - WD2002: New Document Created by Macro While
    Word Is Minimized Opens in Restored State (Q292078)

CLEAN YOUR SYSTEM Add/Remove Plus! 2002 offers a new and
better way to uninstall programs you no longer want on
your computer. All you have to do is double-click on a
Desktop icon called "Uninstall Programs", quickly find
the program you want to uninstall and click a button. Add
/Remove Plus! 2002, unlike the standard Windows uninstall
feature (the Control Panel Add/Remove Programs applet),
will uninstall the program and remove it from the list.
Get Your Copy of Add/Remove Plus Now!

                                            Recommend It!


 GnomeASSISTANT


Test Drive Compaq Servers

http://www.testdrive.compaq.com/

Compaq (Ok, HP) offers a set of servers running various
*nix operating systems, as well as Oracle 9i, for test
drive. Just register for an account and you can tinker
around with Linux, FreeBSD or even Tru64 Unix running on
an Alpha server, but without the hassle and expense of
obtaining your own toys. I love the idea of having a pre-
configured environment that lets you kick the tires
without causing any permanent damage.


 GnomeSTUFF


Too Cool

http://www.pcworld.com/news/article/0,aid,102779,00.asp

This was just too interesting not to mention.
Water-cooled systems are all-the-rage among overclockers
and those that seem to need bragging rights over their
friends' computer systems. Hitachi is taking a chapter
from that tome and applying the concept where it's truly
needed - notebook computers. Believe me when I say that
these suckers get very hot. I spend half my life with
notebook planted on lap, and I have to put something
between the two surfaces to avoid my own little heat
stroke. Fans and the mini water cooling system Hitachi is
implementing provide roughly the same heat mitigation
efficiency, but without the noise. The concept of a
water-cooled notebook sounds a little odd, but I would
welcome the elimination of the turbine droning with open
arms.

                                            Recommend It!


http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/techspecialist/
20020722.html

Your subscribed e-mail address is:
[qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - To unsubscribe
or change your delivery address, please visit the
subscription management page. For further information,
please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.


