                     Lockergnome See You at Gnomedex 2002!

  07.09.2002 GnomeREPORT                                   LOOK OVER HERE


Content Management Is Key: Need a reason your boss should   Download Tip eBooks
be sending you to Gnomedex? Some of the leading experts
on content management solutions (those things we            Latest Windows
affectionately call blogs) will be sharing the future of   Daily
blogging and how you can adapt it to both the way you do    Latest Digital
business and the way you communicate in general. Join      Media
Evan Williams and Doc Searls as they share pearls of        Latest Tech
wisdom on blogging, Linux and other open source            Specialist
applications that are changing our lives. If that's not     Latest Penguin
enough incentive, remind the boss that THE Internet        Shell
security guru, Steve Gibson, will be sharing his wisdom     Latest Apple Core
as well. Register for Gnomedex today!                       Latest Web Weekly
                                                            Latest Bits & Bytes
I've finally done it! Lockrgnome's Top 50 Mac OS X Tips     Latest Audio Show
is in publication and available for purchase at
GnomeTomes.com. Less than half the tips have appeared in    Low Price Search
the Apple Core newsletter already, so purchasing them       Our Tech Conference
means getting mostly brand new content. This represents
the first thing I've written that people might actually     Microsoft Office
pay to read, so if we sell one copy, I'll be ecstatic.     Tips
And hopefully, any of you who check out the tips will       PC Productivity
find them useful. I know that figuring out how to do each  Tips
of the 50 things on the list has improved my personal OS    Cool Internet Tips
X experience.                                               Windows 2000 Tips
                                                            Windows XP Tips
Although this newsletter started out with Chris, Randy,     Top 50 Fun Sites
and I writing sections of the newsletter, time              Must-Know Tech
constraints have limited the contributions of the other    Terms
two guys. This does not mean either of them is truly less   Top 50 Useful Sites
involved, it just means I'm doing more writing. Both        Top 75 Tech Sites
Chris and Randy regularly send me links to cool Mac stuff   Top 50 PenguinCORE
they find, much of which will ultimately end up in          Top 50
upcoming issues. Since the writing will be primarily       PenguinTWEAKS
mine, I've opted to eliminate the "Review by" links at
the bottom of each article. Unless otherwise noted, you     See You in August!
can safely assume I wrote it. If you need to send me an
e-mail, the E-mail The Editors Link in the sidebar will     Tell a Friend About
reach me, as well as putting your message in front of      Us!
Chris and Randy.                                            Suggest a Feature
                                                            Advertise With Us
I've been doing some exploring of AppleScript over the      High-Tech Job
past several months and believe I'm finally confidant      Search
enough in writing scripts that I'm going to add a section   Chat With Gnomies
on scripting to the newsletter. I'm curious to know what    Watch The Webcams
your level of experience with scripting is, because I can   Computer Power User
either start with some really basic stuff, or skip the
basics and dive into meatier scripting topics. Either       Read Past Issues
way, I'm open to some AppleScript suggestions.              Download X-Setup
                                                            About Lockergnome
                         See You in August,                 Our Privacy Policy
                                    Jake Ludington          View More Options
                                                            Our XML / RSS Feed
For Mac Outlook users:                                      Syndicate Our Tips
OS X Tips - http://www.gnometomes.com/tome/                 Link To Lockergnome
cat_macintosh.html                                          Get Chris's Book

                                                            General Feedback
 GnomeDOWNLOADS                                             E-mail the Editors

                                                            
Sherlock Plugins v2.2 [600k] Mac OS 9/OSX FREE
                                                           GNOMESPECIALS
http://www.searchstandard.com/

While doing some research for my top 50 tips, I             Manage Your
discovered that turning off some of Sherlock's extras,     Workgroup
like multi-language indexing, in the preferences will       Form Pilot
speed things up considerably, particularly for local        Say the Time 5.0
machine searches. This renewed my interest in finding       Boomer - Stream Now
ways to add-on search capabilities to the bundled sleuth,   Create Web/CD
resulting in my discovery of SearchStandard.com. This      catalog
bundled collection of search plug-ins makes it possible     Easy Web Editor
to look for almost anything using Sherlock. Their Web       Kleptomania
site won't wow you, but SearchStandard's free plugins       Tag&Rename
most certainly make finding things online, including        Pretty Good
searches on your favorite Mac sites, that much easier.     Solitaire
                                                            Visualize Color
                                                           Combos
 GnomeNETWORK                                               FirstStop WebSearch
                                                            Ecobuilder
                                                            Book Collector
Xnet v1.0.6 [216k] OSX $48
                                                             Get Listed Here
http://bitcom.ch/products-xnet-e.html
                                                           Question: which
Dealing with servers that offer mission critical           group is 250,000+
services, like intranet access, e-mail, or Web serving,    strong and always
means dealing with those services failing from time to     looking for stuff to
time. Don't be left in the dark when one of your services  make their personal
go down, let Xnet keep you informed. The unregistered      and professional
version of the product lets you verify http, ping, smtp,   lives run smoother?
and ftp service availability, with many more service
verifications included in the pro version. Xnet runs on     
your local machine, verifying remote service availability
and sending you a message when those services go down.     Lockergnome Webcam
The interface allows for user-defined services, with       Image
alert features for both an e-mail account (mine alerts      CLICK HERE TO ZOOM
are going to my cell phone) and locally via a sound from
your machine.                                               

                                                           LOOK IT UP
 GnomeTERMINAL

                                                           [ Lockergnome  ][go]
For OS X installs with multiple users, there may come a    [ Amazon       ][go]
time when you need to change ownership of a particular     [ Jobs         ][go]
file. This is particularly useful in situations where one  [ Hardware     ][go]
user created a file, but an entirely different user is     [ Software     ][go]
the only one who will ever make future decisions relating
to that file, like whether to keep it or throw it in the    
Trash. chown is the Terminal command designed to handle
this. From the command line type:                          BYTE ME NOW

sudo chown username filename
                                                           ?2002, Lockergnome
You'll of course want to substitute the username of the    LLC. ISSN:
new owner for username. The name of the file receiving a   1095-3965. All
change of ownership will replace filename.                 Rights Reserved.
                                                           Please read our
50 LINUX TIPS: From the mind behind the Penguin Shell      Terms of Service.
come two more eBooks in the GnomeTome series. Whether you  Our Web site is
are a Linux newbie or command line guru, you'll want       hosted by
these tips as part of your information arsenal. Get your   DigitalDaze. Domain
copy of Tony's Top 50 PenguinTWEAKS or Top 50 PenguinCORE  registered at DNS
tips today!                                                Central.


 GnomeFAVORITE


Susan Kare

http://www.kare.com

As we move further into the future of Apple's Mac OS
evolution, it remains important to understand where
things evolved from. Susan Kare designed all the original
icons for the Mac OS, way back in 1983. In fact, that
smiling Mac that appears as OS X boots is her creation.
Check out her collection of UI artwork, from both Windows
and Mac operating systems. Also available from Kare.com
are Kare designed icon apparel and collections of fonts
as designed by Susan.


 GnomeTIP


Show Info gives you access to change the application
associated with a particular file type, rename files, and
reassign permissions. One of the best features of Show
Info is it's ability to store "comments" related to a
file or application. This can be a great place to store
information on recently made changes to a file,
information from others who've looked at a file, or in
the case of applications, serial numbers and other
pertinent data you may need when dealing with tech
support.


http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/applecore/20020709.html

Your subscribed e-mail address is:
[qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - To unsubscribe
or change your delivery address, please visit the
subscription management page. For further information,
please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.


