                        Lockergnome Download Our eBooks

  07.10.2002 GnomeREPORT                                   LOOK OVER HERE


WE NEED YOU TO BE AT GNOMEDEX! That's what your employer    Download Tip eBooks
should be telling you. Microsoft Pocket PC experts will
be sharing tips on improving workplace productivity with    Latest Windows
portable devices. Combined with Proxim's on location       Daily
wireless networking solutions, a Pocket PC can keep you     Latest Digital
and your co-workers communicating no matter where you are  Media
in the building. Learn how to bring Wi-FI and PDA           Latest Tech
technologies together for the ultimate in portable         Specialist
computing. Register for Gnomedex today!                     Latest Penguin
                                                           Shell
Reader Jack Macdonald has some advice for you would-be      Latest Apple Core
bards in the audience:                                      Latest Web Weekly
                                                            Latest Bits & Bytes
"You mention Karaoke being featured at Gnomedex and you     Latest Audio Show
might want to point out to other Gnomies that they could
practice their Karaoke on my Red Hot Karaoke Page site.     Low Price Search
There are the words and music for more than 1100 songs      Our Tech Conference
available on the site and by downloading the Yamanha
Midiplug (a link is provided) they can even change the      Microsoft Office
key of the song to suit their voice range as well as       Tips
speed up or slow down the music to their taste. In other    PC Productivity
words, to have the same experience as they would have      Tips
with professional Karaoke equipment but at no extra cost!   Cool Internet Tips
At this price (zero) a lot of gnomies going to Gnomedex     Windows 2000 Tips
could be singing up a storm by being properly prepared      Windows XP Tips
for your Karaoke."
                                                            Tell a Friend About
Travel day on Wednesday as I head down to Ankeny, Iowa to  Us!
help out a former co-worker and avid Gnomie with some       Suggest a Feature
server and networking stuff. The tough part is              Advertise With Us
remembering everything I'll need. It never fails, though.   High-Tech Job
I always, always, always forget something. I can make      Search
lists two weeks in advance and I'll end up 30 miles down    Chat With Gnomies
the road with a handprint on my forehead when I come to     Watch The Webcams
the realization that I left something important behind.     Computer Power User
What will it be this time, I wonder? I'll let you know on
Thursday.                                                   Read Past Issues
                                                            Download X-Setup
                         See You in August,                 About Lockergnome
                                     Randy Nieland          Our Privacy Policy
                                                            View More Options
                                                            Our XML / RSS Feed
 GnomeNETWORK                                               Syndicate Our Tips
                                                            Link To Lockergnome
                                                            Get Chris's Book
Forwarding to Internet Address Fails
                                                            E-mail a Suggestion
http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;EN-US;    Your Rant / Rave
q181636                                                     General Feedback
                                                            The Editor's Blog
Client inquires about the possibility of forwarding all     E-mail the Editor
internal and Internet email to his AOL mailbox when he's
out of the office, and I figure it's going to be a piece    
of cake. He recently acquired a new phone through Verizon
along with web access and a tie into his AOL mailbox,      SOUND SYSTEMS
which was the driving force behind this request. What I
found was that Internet email proved to be easy using a
simple forwarding rule, but none of the internal Exchange  Yamaha RX-V1200
email was being sent out to the Internet upon receipt,     Sony DAVC900
even though it appeared to be included in the rule. As it  Harman Kardon AVR520
happens, this is due to a default configuration option on  Denon AVR5803
the Exchange 5.5 server that prevents automatic replies/   Pioneer VSXD811S
forwards from being sent to the Internet using the         Pioneer Elite
Exchange Internet Mail Service. A quick configuration      VSX49TX
change and restart of IMS will put things right.           Sony HTDDW840
                                                           Yamaha HTR5560
                                                           BOSE LS122BK
 GnomeSYSTEM                                               Sony DAVC450

                                                            
Stop the Presses
                                                           GNOMESPECIALS
http://www.wininformant.com/Articles/Index.cfm?ArticleID=
25802
                                                            Manage Your
... The CD presses, that is. Microsoft has given in to     Workgroup
the greater good and delayed Windows 2000 Service Pack 3    Form Pilot
indefinitely. Sure, it's mildly disappointing, but I        Say the Time 5.0
applaud the move. Instead of trying to downplay the         Boomer - Stream Now
previously identified problems with Microsoft Installer     Create Web/CD
(MSI) 2.0, the service pack will be put on ice until the   catalog
issues are straightened out. Here's a quote for you...      Easy Web Editor
Good job, Microsoft.                                        Kleptomania
                                                            Tag&Rename
                                                            Pretty Good
 GnomeALERTZ                                               Solitaire
                                                            Visualize Color
                                                           Combos
Today's Top 5 kbAlertz                                      FirstStop WebSearch
                                                            Ecobuilder
  * Q198845 - WD2000: How to Return Only File Names Using   Book Collector
    FileSearch Property (Q198845)
  * Q310436 - Cannot Play a DVD in Windows XP (Q310436)      Get Listed Here
  * Q321305 - How to Log On to Windows XP If You Forget
    Your Password or Your Password Expires (Q321305)       Question: which
  * Q321146 - Freddi Fish 2: The Case of the Haunted       group is 250,000+
    Schoolhouse Program Causes an Error Message in         strong and always
    Windows XP (Q321146)                                   looking for stuff to
  * Q321144 - Visioneer One Touch 8100 Scanner Causes an   make their personal
    Error Message in Windows XP (Q321144)                  and professional
                                                           lives run smoother?
TechTV's Computer Basics CHRIS TEACHES THE BASICS: If
you've got friends or family who want to learn more about   
their PC, from a guy who makes things nice and easy,
check out the VHS release of Computer Basics in the        Lockergnome Webcam
GnomeStore. Chris teams with TechTV cohort, Kate Botello,  Image
to lead novices on a journey through their computer. From   CLICK HERE TO ZOOM
basic interactions, to installing apps, to using the
Internet and e-mail, Chris and Kate have all the basics     
covered. Help out a friend and get them a copy today.
                                                           LOOK IT UP
                                            Recommend It!

                                                           [ Lockergnome  ][go]
 GnomeASSISTANT                                            [ Amazon       ][go]
                                                           [ Jobs         ][go]
                                                           [ Hardware     ][go]
Windows XP System File Checker                             [ Software     ][go]

Dean Truax mentioned the System File Checker as a           
possible solution to my Windows Media Player problem
under Windows XP, and I did indeed run through it prior    BYTE ME NOW
to attempting an in-place upgrade, obviously with no
improvement. It's still worth a mention, however, in case
you're not familiar with what it's there for. As you're    ?2002, Lockergnome
probably aware, XP contains a file protection scheme that  LLC. ISSN:
will immediate replace any system files that are deleted   1095-3965. All
or altered in any way, ensuring that XP is kept in a       Rights Reserved.
stable state. Sometimes this system can get a little out   Please read our
of whack, and the SFC is meant to restore order. Note      Terms of Service.
that any hotfixes and other Microsoft-provided updates     Our Web site is
will be left in place since they properly update the DLL   hosted by
Cache that is used as the sanity check to determine if a   DigitalDaze. Domain
system file has been messed with. To access the SFC,       registered at DNS
simply launch a command prompt and type "SFC" to display   Central.
a list of options.


 GnomeSTUFF


Consider This
Forwarded by JW

http://www.computerworld.com/securitytopics/security/
story/0,10801,72519,00.html

The next time you have a face-to-face with your elected
representatives, you might want to start asking about
their opinions on technology laws that are being proposed
left and right. Holding a public office seems to be
introducing brain death more frequently considering
proposals by Senator Fritz Hollings and now LA
congressman Howard Berman. If Mr. Berman gets his way,
companies may very well be allowed to hack into your
systems without proof of provocation in order to ensure
that you are using their software according to the stated
rules. Mind you, if they cause colateral damage or upset
other systems, there isn't thing one you can do in
return. Nope, they'll have legal protection. This garbage
is seriously getting scary. If you think it won't be
abused, consider the case of Dimitry Skylarov when he
publicly pointed out eBook security problems with Adobe's
software and was promptly thrown in jail for his trouble
under the authority of the Digital Millenium Copyright
Act. He was eventually released, but that doesn't make it
any more right.

                                            Recommend It!


http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/techspecialist/
20020710.html

Your subscribed e-mail address is:
[qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - To unsubscribe
or change your delivery address, please visit the
subscription management page. For further information,
please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.


